接口清单：
- [查看](#查看)


#### 查看

##### url: `http://api.hzbuvi.com/mall/web/cms/plate`
请求方式 : `GET`

参数名    | 含义    | 是否必须
-------|--------|-----

###  返回值

参数名  | 含义
-------------|-------------
firstCategoryName  |一级分类名称
firstCategoryId  |一级分类id
firstIndex  |一级分类导航权重
secentIndex  |二级分类导航权重
firstPositionId  |广告位1 id
firstPositionName  |广告位1 名称
secentPositionId  |广告位2 id
secentPositionName  |广告位2 名称
thirdPositionId  |广告位3 id
thirdPositionName  |广告位3 名称
fourthPositionId  |广告位4 id
fourthPositionName  |广告位4 名称
appPositionId  |app广告位 id
appPositionName  |app广告位 名称
secentCategoryRankId  |二级分类排行id
secentCategoryRankName  |二级分类排行名称
secentCategoryLabelId  |二级分类标签id
secentCategoryLabelName  |二级分类标签名称
secentGoodsId  |二级商品id
secentGoodsName  |二级商品名称
```json
{
  "code": "200",
  "msg": "success",
  "data": [
    {
      "thirdPositionName": "中广告",
      "secentCategoryRank": [
        {
          "secentCategoryRankName": "测试分类新增",
          "secentCategoryRankId": 31,
          "id": 1
        }
      ],
      "secentGoods": [
        {
          "secentGoodsName": "牛栏山",
          "id": 1,
          "secentGoodsId": 2
        }
      ],
      "secentCategoryLabel": [
        {
          "secentCategoryLabelName": "白酒",
          "id": 1,
          "secentCategoryLabelId": 5
        }
      ],
      "appPositionId": 3,
      "firstPositionName": "大广告",
      "secentPositionName": "小广告",
      "firstCategoryId": 4,
      "firstCategoryName": "酒",
      "firstIndex": 1,
      "thirdPositionId": 3,
      "secentPositionId": 2,
      "firstPositionId": 1,
      "id": 3,
      "appPositionName": "中广告",
      "fourthPositionId": 4,
      "fourthPositionName": "右侧广告"
    }
  ]
}
```

----------------------------------------


